bpo-33529: Fix infinite loop in email header encoding (#12020)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Security/2019-02-24-18-48-16.bpo-33529.wpNNBD.rst

Prevent fold function used in email header encoding from entering infinite

> loop when there are enough non-ASCII characters in a header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
loop when there are too many non-ASCII characters in a header.
```
